releases: add TiDB 6.1.1 release notes (#10139) (#10301)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-6.1.1.md

Release date: September 1, 2022

TiDB version: 6.1.1

## Compatibility changes

+ TiDB

    - Make the `SHOW DATABASES LIKE …` statement case-insensitive [#34766](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/34766) @[e1ijah1](https://github.com/e1ijah1)
    - Change the default value of [`tidb_enable_outer_join_reorder`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_outer_join_reorder-new-in-v610) from `1` to `0`, which disables Join Reorder's support for Outer Join by default.

+ Diagnosis

    - Disable the Continuous Profiling feature by default, which avoids the possible TiFlash crash issue that occurs when this feature is enabled. For details, see [#5687](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/5687) @[mornyx](https://github.com/mornyx)

## Other changes

- Add the following contents in the `TiDB-community-toolkit` binary package. For details, see [TiDB Installation Packages](/binary-package.md).

    - `server-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz`
    - `grafana-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz`
    - `alertmanager-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz`
    - `prometheus-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz`
    - `blackbox_exporter-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz`
    - `node_exporter-{version}-linux-amd64.tar.gz`

> - Introduce multi-level support for different quality standards on the combination of operating systems and CPU architectures. See [OS and platform requirements](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.1/hardware-and-software-requirements#os-and-platform-requirements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduce multi-level support for different quality standards on the combination of operating systems and CPU architectures. See [OS and platform requirements](/hardware-and-software-requirements.md#os-and-platform-requirements).
```

## Improvements

+ TiDB

    - Add a new optimizer `SEMI_JOIN_REWRITE` to improve the performance of `EXISTS` queries [#35323](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/35323) @[winoros](https://github.com/winoros)

+ TiKV

    - Support compressing the metrics response using gzip to reduce the HTTP body size [#12355](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/12355) @[winoros](https://github.com/winoros)

>     - Support reducing the amount of data returned for each request by filtering out some metrics using the [`server.simplify-metrics`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.1/tikv-configuration-file#simplify-metrics-new-in-v611) configuration item [#12355](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/12355) @[glorv](https://github.com/glorv)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Support reducing the amount of data returned for each request by filtering out some metrics using the [`server.simplify-metrics`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#simplify-metrics-new-in-v611) configuration item [#12355](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/12355) @[glorv](https://github.com/glorv)
```
